what's happening guys this is James
blonde with a man wants calm with a
quick weekly recap MMO news and
announcements of the weekend in january
twentieth 2014 our first bit of news
this week is actually really exciting an
english server is finally up and running
for our cage with 24-7 server support
and updates now no official beta or
launch schedule has been given yet but
they've actually started their first
testing phase which is the friends and
family alma and the cool part is that
triumph world's mentioned last week that
it'll be less than six months before we
actually see our gauge launching that
right there is exciting enough for me as
of right now it's been reported that the
UI is about 80% translated to english
and much of the quest text has been
given at least a first pass at
translation it's coming along it's
coming along next up continent of the
ninth seal gets part three of its fourth
expansion this past week and now the
guardians tower will increase 20 levels
up to the 40th floor players will have a
chance to battle new monsters who have
seen the set up shop and the newly
updated floors and in addition to these
baddies there will be new quests
available for each newly added floor not
to mention you can actually run into
some of the boss monsters that you
fought in the past as a whole the fourth
expansion brings quite a bit of content
to see 9 now one game we never seem to
run out of news for is elsword last week
they started moving their players around
in style with a crazy new mount system
all capable of warding off monsters
attacks three different mounts are
available at launch and each mount has
their own arsenal of attacks you know
like heat-seeking missiles epic laser
flares or incinerator death breath now
that stuff that normally comes on mounts
currently there are events going on to
let players try out these new mounts for
a limited period of time but that's not
the only thing happening elsword they've
also introduced two new dungeons to
sander take elsword to the next chapter
along with raising the level cap from 64
to 67 and speaking of mounts and mounted
combat the european version of dragon's
prophet just received an update to add
in mounted combat and thus several
healing tanking and damage dealing
skills are now available to drag
which will allow for a more dynamic
combat experience along with more
entertaining fights for players to enjoy
you think this would be something that
they would have you know put into the
game as early as possible seeing that
the primary feature in the game is to
capture train ride and fight with
dragons but another feature of this
patch is the legendary dungeon shrine of
Honduras eating those water dragons to
good use fighting off water monsters
avoiding dangerous whirlpools and going
up against five new bosses it's a pretty
decent-sized update and with the mounted
combat a nice added feature at that
smite is also coming along with its
pre-launch updates and changes the
latest patch introduces Gabe the god of
Earth gabs abilities deliver shock and
awe among his enemies abilities like
roll out where Gabe morphs into a
massive ball of rolling boulders
starting out really slow but building up
speed to mow over enemies well being
immune to CC his ultimate Cataclysm
looks cool but seems to be a little
light on the damaged side however with
stone she'll get to turn himself or an
ally into a tanky beast now the other
part of this update features a nice
update to the arena mode matches will
now rotate between the original and new
nighttime arena map other than the
visual changes they also changed up the
rules a little bit now the Manta
corresponds after every 10 players
killed on one side if your side can
actually escort the manticore through
the other teams floral the other team
loses 10 points may be simple but it is
a cool new feature my gonna lie I had to
hop in this past weekend to check it out
for myself a new playable class was
unveiled last week for black gold online
new to the roster is the spell sword
protege of wielding devastating sorcery
and exceptional soar play their role
specialization makes them great melee
DPS and agility tanks you're capable of
wielding magic to boost their strength
and cripple their opponents they are
very balanced and highly adaptable to
fit nearly any role in the battlefield
therefore making them an excellent base
unit for enhancing a team strength it
really isn't any gameplay footage of
this class that we know of yet but from
the screen
they might be worth something looking
forwards next up it looks like here of
the obelisk is set to launch a hefty
content update early next month this one
plans to introduce new hero levels a new
PvP area and an overall upgrade to the
gameplay mechanics the new hero levels
will start past level 50 with special
titles and cosmetic items and an
entirely new type of dungeon is in the
workings that has players defending a
tower as they work their way through its
tin floors sounds like the c9 update but
if it's not just a PVE you're looking
for the new arena lets players duel it
out in front of spectators or you can
gather up your guild mates for an
all-out war siege battle allowing up to
200 players to battle it out all at once
this is definitely the type of updates
we like to see in games like this
likewise Dragon Nest starts their 2014
strong with a requiem of twilight update
bringing in greater dangers more balance
and a new hardcore mode that has a
player dying to try beyond the balance
changes players will have a new weapon
to wield against the new threat the new
talisman system features powerful
lusters capable of boosting your stats
or utility to previously unreachable
heights that'll probably come in handy
when facing the dark science jasmine in
her last stand or trying out the desert
dragon nest in hardcore mode just like
the other updates so far this week this
one is a pretty good-sized one check the
link in description below for a more
in-depth look at the latest update to
Dragon's nest Friday January 31st marks
the official release date for loadout
now in the past for some reason the MMOs
community thought this game wasn't
actually free to play well it is you
just had to spend a little bit cash in
the game to get in initially but after
the launch this month it'll be available
on Steam free to play to everyone the
development team has spent the last
three years fine-tuning the mechanics
and embracing the maniacal and addictive
nature of loadouts gameplay ensuring
that their debut title will deliver on
its highly anticipated launch day the
crafting system in this game is
absolutely insane with over forty four
billion possible creations that help
shape your character into defining your
own class and play style if you're
looking for a great third person shooter
this one will be available at the end of
next up if you didn't get a chance to
experience you'll gang two will get to
now open beta has officially started for
Southeast Asia but with no IP block so
the game is actually available to anyone
and it's also in English this game
boasts an action martial arts combat
system and seems like a simple
alternative to a dilution from the looks
of the trailer here it seems like it
might be worth taking a look at the PvP
in the game might be fun based on its
supposedly unique combat system that who
knows and for our final announcement
this week kingdom under fire too is
having its first experience beta test
this coming week on january 23 through
the 26th I've got to be honest this game
looks badass it's got a unique combat
system made for tons of enemies as you
can probably tell from the gameplay
going on here but that alone is cool
going up against armies of enemies while
at the same time commanding lots of
troops of your own RTS style yeah that's
actually really cool now the drawback
here is that it seems to be a bit
difficult and annoying to get a key into
this closed beta but probably still
worth a shot if it looks good to you
check the link in the description below
for their official homepage and connect
with them on facebook for enhance added
beta key but other than that guys that's
about all we have for mmos this week MMO
news that is check the links below for
more info on the news feature here or
head over to mMOHut second slashing news
for even more news feel free to discuss
the news the comments below or head over
to MMO SATCOM / forums but until next
time guys that's going to be it for me
I'm James blonde see out there gamers